A lively city street at night.
A person reaches into the backseat of a truck while workers work behind.
Some children are sitting on rafts in a lake.
Three young girls and two blond women are jumping rope on the beech.
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air.
A young couple are at the beginning of playing Jenga on a living room coffee table.
A woman on a kiosk decorating cup cakes while bystanders attentively observe the technique.
Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.
Singer gets caught up on a high note and fractures a vocal cord.
A blond girl sleeps on a couch.
The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on.
Two men and a woman are in a recording studio.
Two children are riding on the back of a three wheel scooter driven by a young lady in pink.
There is a little girl in a pink helmet riding her pink bicycle along a waterway.
Eight people sitting down at a table indoors for refreshments.
A man, in black tight pants, sits down leaning against the wall of a white building.
A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table.
A white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket.
Two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game.
These two people are using the oars to navigate in the ocean.
A man is holding his shirt into a fountain in a park.
Boy, of age approximately 10 years old, lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day.
A young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh.
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal.
Two guys, on in a maroon sweater, the other in a light blue, are shirt sitting around playing video games.
A young boy outside by the pool, smiling.
An African American singer performs on stage with a piano and several microphones in the background.
A group of construction workers are walking.
A man wearing yellow smiles to the camera as he poses with a turkey coming out of the oven.
There are a lot of people on the roller coaster.
An older man carries the Olympic Torch for the London 2012 Olympics past a group of spectators.
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble.
Band on stage and people watching the screen.
A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car.
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow.
A basketball player in the air about to make a shot.
An old man stands in front of a rundown building.
Three kids are in large inflatable bubbles floating on top of a pool.
Three children, wearing green, yellow, and blue uniforms, are sitting and standing near two women.
A man is talking and holding a piece of paper.
A young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby.
A little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach.
A group of men and women are working out on various pieces of weight-lifting equipment.
A man in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
Men and women doing yoga on the beach.
A crowd of people sitting on a lawn clapping.
Two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers.
Boys in uniform behind a ball.
A black and white dog leaps through the water.
A blue bird is flying through the trees.
A silver statue of men on bikes.
Various passengers on a bus look out the window or into the distance.
A boy tries to take a stick from a small, brown dog.
A young girl licks a plate and has cake all over her face.
Four persons are using the musical instruments.
Female jogger runs along a river in a city.
Three people, two women and one man, crowd around a grill outside.
A black-blue insect flying over a white flower.
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves.
Children playing a video game together.
A black dog carries a toy on the grass.
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass.
A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills.
A little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at Christmas presents and an older woman looks on.
An elderly man sits outside a storefront accompanied by a young boy with a cart.
Two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.
A big man plays guitar on stage.
Two men, one wearing a red shirt and black pants and the other wearing white, are playing basketball outside of a brick building.
Three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits.
A brunette lady in a blue shirt rings up a customer at a store.
A scuba diver stands, bent over on the shore.
A woman is talking on her cellphone while a couple id sitting at a restaurant.
Two man playing a game and disturbing.
A bird, wings outstreached, over the water.
A man sitting on a couch smiling.
A man is performing a physical feat as people walk by and watch his performance.
A child looking through a telescope on a playground.
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.
The white crane is searching for food in a pond.
A brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt.
A male golfer tries to hit the golf ball out of a sand trap.
A group of 70's or 80's era Caucasian men and women seated and having a discussion.
Men's Volleyball team member jumps up into the air to spike the ball into the other teams playing field.
A tattoo artist working on an individuals tattoo.
A snowboarder catches some air going off a jump on a snow-covered mountain.
A man catching a fish off a boat.
A blond girl in a pink sweater is holding a baby.
A shirtless man is holding a face mask.
A woman folding laundry on the floor in front of a recliner.
A contestant in horseback sword fighting- the crowd looks on.
A couple is posing for a picture in the field.
Men playing ice hockey and one has just fallen.
A young woman with beige pants is walking a dog.
A blond woman wearing an apron is putting ingredients into a bowl.
Two children running with no shoes on.
Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
A man in glasses looks at his electronic device.
A man and a young blond boy using plastic interactive toys outside.
Kids are playing in water fountains
A man reading a newspaper in a train.
A child who is playing with rocks.
This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand.
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.
A woman in a black coat is putting makeup on in a train.
A frowning elderly person is walking and carrying a plastic bag
A lady dressed in a white, short dress is next to a table set for two with a rock pier in the background.
The man is holding a baby near a carnival game.
Waiting for the subway after a long day of work.
Man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.
A young women with long brown hair, plays a black guitar, left handed.
A London police officer writing a ticket to a man.
A homeless women is sleeping in front of an altar.
A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog.
Two men sit at a table on the sidewalk under a francisco street sign
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
A boy reaches the top of a jungle gym.
A man and a woman holding hands while walking.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A man in a white shirt is fixing the tire of a crimson bike.
A single person riding a bike.
A child asleep in a car with the window open
Picture of 2 bikers, racing back to back, probably in motor cross competition.
A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread.
Numerous people exploring an art installation in a city square.
People seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.
A man in a black hat and a blue jacket is holding a hammer.
Building with Blacks sitting outside in a third world country.
A blond-haired woman walks a dog down the street in flip-flops.
Janitor cleans off diving board with broom at night.
A dog runs across the leaf covered ground.
A woman in a blue jacket is standing and smiling on the street.
A young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player.
Eight oriental teenagers in red shirts are sitting on concrete bleachers.
A girl wearing a pink hat and gray pants climbing a chain link fence.
A brunette in a orange shirt playing with a green and white hula hoop.
Inspectors trying to check a car that had collided with a track outside Chevron gas station in Texas.
A walking guard stands in front of an Asian looking building.
An Indian man in a hat is sitting and smiling.
A street worker driving a machine to level the wet concrete.
A man is wearing an executive attire while looking something.
A man smiles as he looks down at an orange sports car that's parked at a curb.
A small group of people under a tree with a white pick-up truck in the background.
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach.
Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day.
Two children read in bed.
Woman and man looking at something funny on a laptop screen.
Two guys playing soccer on the field.
A man is shooting fire from his mouth while holding a torch.
A woman is walking down the street with headphones in her ears next to a man in a business suit.
A woman dressed as an angel is distributing paper advertisements.
A skier is skiing down a mountain wearing goggles and a red anorak.
Two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.
A young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone.
A busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
A little boy sleeping on a striped couch while wrapped in a white blanket.
Three people are standing on a fire escape.
A little boy is standing on a peer next to a boat.
Two men playing horseshoes.
A group of young children in a village with no paved roads.
Street dancing on plastic while a large group of youth stand about and watch.
A woman in all black going into a subway during nighttime.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A man on stage talking through a microphone in a black leather jacket.
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow.
A seven person called the sun chasers is playing outside with a sign asking for donations.
A man in a cowboy hat is sitting down and reading a book.
A man is knitting own some machinery.
A man in a red suit performing motorcycle stunts.
A man holds a dog and a beer while sitting in a floral armchair.
BMX racers riding down a steep hill on a race course.
A woman in a black shirt, and white shoes talking on a phone.
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car.
A man sits on top of a streetlight post with a picture of a thing in bones looking up to him in the focus.
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek.
There are many men racing on their bicycles.
A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear.
A man fishing off a pier at sunset.
A man finishing up some floor work with a brush.
A man is wearing a black knit "Paris" hat and a navy blue shirt on the side of the street.
Two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river.
A young man in a red shirt cooking in a frying pan.
Two guys playing in a band, one playing a guitar, and one playing the keyboard.
A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets.
Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A girl and a boy burying another boy in the sand.
A little boy is playing with some trains.
A person lies half under a car, face-down.
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A man wearing a tan jacket walks into Le Mignon in the afternoon.
Three boys playing and biking with a pile of sand in the middle
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms.
A child runs near some trees.
A woman with five kids all around her with a smile on her face.
A man wearing glasses looking at a round mirrored object hanging from above.
Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears.
A young man and young lady embracing under a covered walkway.
Orchestra playing for people in hard hats in a room with a damaged ceiling
A man with a red bowtie singing a solo with a full men's choir in the background.
A child hold green shoes is walking in the sand by the water.
The photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of.
A person wearing a hooded sweatshirt and jeans stands on a tree that has fallen over a creek.
A lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street.
African grocery market, with lady shopping for vegetables and fruits.
A motorist passing by and a group of people sitting on a bench.
Two men making funny faces while they drink alcohol.
A boy is dancing with headphone in his ear.
A long-haired woman leans on a stone railing, looking out at the sea.
A woman is getting her hair curled by someone else with a curling iron.
People having fun at a barbecue party.
Women showing a child how to solder a piece of metal.
A young, brunette man jumps over a metal railing while smiling.
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.
A brown horse is standing behind a girl and is sniffing her hair.
Two men in a parking lot of a business one man watching the other man jump.
A man sitting in a blue metal chair.
A large group is gathered for a banquet.
The soldier is jumping from the plane
A group of people having conversations at a restaurant.
Several men are playing hockey with spectators sitting on the bleachers.
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake.
A small crowd of people sitting at tables and consuming food or beverages while others are standing or walking.
Three men look on as two other men carve up a freshly barbecued hog in the backyard.
Two people are riding their bikes in city traffic.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking.
A child in a white and green soccer uniform kicks a white ball.
A white dog runs toward the camera.
An elderly couple walk hand in hand on a beautiful day together near a busy street.
A man in a denim jacket and sandals fixing his bicycle.
A woman with dark hair is sitting on stone steps and looking forward.
A man wearing a black hat is sitting on a stool in front of a green door and next to speakers.
A woman with long brown hair sits alone in a bar.
A doctor and nurses in a hospital standing behind a cart
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.
A young couple sits on a couch and smiles for the camera.
A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out.
A football player in a green and gold uniform cradles the ball as he leaps over an opposing player.
Someone with an orange jacket walking with a bike points to a building.
Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set.
A man's hands holding a piece of metal on a grinding wheel.
A young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard.
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.
Four men and one woman are sitting behind a table, while a wheel is sitting on the wall in the background.
The young lady wearing outdoor clothing is tossing a blue football, with a couple of other people in the photo who look like students, on a sunny day.
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man's lap as they ride in an airplane.
A street worker wearing bright orange safety gear picks up trash along the street.
A performance group is staged in one collective motion.
A small child plays with toys at a wooden workbench.
A woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.
A waiter is standing at a table.
A man holding a crow bar and wearing a masks looks up.
A child who is missing one shoe is sitting on a red cushion.
Two soccer players walk on the soccer field.
A young boy in a red outfit holding a shoe trophy above his head.
People dressed as angels running down a street.
Little girl in an orange shirt holding a paper bag.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions.
Children are praying before the beginning of school.
A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him.
Three men are working on a home improvement project.
There are two football players, one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball, and the other wears a white uniform.
Men are sitting on bags on the ground.
Men dressed in drag outside a store.
A Chinese restaurant employee giving a food workshop.
Two people stand in the ocean and hold a net while the third person watches
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house.
A crowd of people at restaurant eating.
A little boy sleeps in his blue stroller.
A man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event.
A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural.
A group of people walking by a lake.
Many people are walking through a crowded outdoor marketplace.
A snowboarder on a mountaintop in a bright green jacket.
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it.
A pilot is putting his luggage right next to the plane in the airport.
A man is weightlifting with a kettlebell in a gym.
Four girls in blue perform on a basketball court in front of a crowd.
A man with a pea green jacket, white hat, sunglasses and a cigar walking down the street with other people around him.
An Asian woman, dressed in a bright pink shirt, is washing her clothes in the river.
Two dogs, one lying down, play in a yard.
Sandy beach, people walking, laying, sitting, a kite is flying.
There is a group of small children some wearing backpacks sitting on a hill.
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit.
A snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal, with stick.
A woman is sitting, reading a book on the subway.
A woman in a black jacket and tan boots is walking on the street in front of a group of people.
What's a trip to the park without visiting the snack bar?
A man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city.
A football player jumps over fallen players to continue his run.
A man riding a bicycle down the street is pulling a large bundle in a cart behind him.
A singer in a white coat singing into the microphone.
A painter sits on a swing to help him paint the walls of a building.
Two girls and a parent getting a dorm room set up for the school year.
A contingent of bagpipers walk down a street in a parade.
A male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier.
An elderly woman dressed in pink is walking and clutching a magazine.
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk.
Two female tennis players shake hands over the net while an official and court attendant look on.
A man in a navy polo shirt snaps photos at a golf course while a crowd of spectators looks on in the background.
Four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop.
A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background.
Average, everyday people walk by a facility.
Two people, one in a red shirt, are sitting by the water facing some boats.
A man in a black t-shirt is looking at a menu.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair.
A boy run through a big wheel.
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood.
An woman, wearing a straw hat, is presenting a variety of goods.
Black dog with black and tan face running through water.
A black dog swimming through a river.
An Asian girl eating a hotdog at a diner.
Children playing soccer, one in the process of kicking the ball.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
A man is loading Vons shopping carts onto a truck.
A waiting lounge with passengers waiting around on blue seating.
A man in native clothing passes by a shoe store.
A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees.
A ballerina teacher is showing a young girl how to position herself.
A woman sitting in a park, talking on a cellphone.
A female teacher is pointing something out to a young female student seated at a school desk.
A man is posing next to stacks of cowboy hats.
Two brown dogs run through a field.
A Man wearing a winter hat creates pottery.
A man in a orange safety vest holding up an animal he shot.
An Asian woman walking along a lighted city street at night while talking on her cellphone.
Two men sit on top of a weathered fort-like structure next to the sea, fishing.
A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
A woman with a long ponytail and a man with short hair enjoy a laugh while eating dessert.
A man is standing on top of a glacier.
Looks like students are in a laboratory.
Two women sitting down at a party, drinking large glasses of beer.
A soccer player dressed in blue holding a soccer ball preparing to throw it.
A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass.
Two woman are sitting in the back of a truck eating.
Three women and a man are drinking beer at a table.
A scuba diver poses for the camera while underwater, holding a large light.
A baseball player in white is swinging at the ball.
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach.
Two males playing football on what looks like a gloomy day.
A cross guard helps people get across the street.
A few women are dancing at a basketball game on the court.
A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard.
A man walking while holding roses.
A coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress.
A woman giving a cup to an African American man.
A man wearing a blue and black plaid overshirt sells organic fruit to a man in a gray polo shirt.
A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail.
Latino man holding sign on the sidewalk outside promoting Quiznos-Subs.
Three girls are riding on a roller coaster.
Several men sit at a wooden table on the right side of the street.
Three men and a woman have laptops and are standing in front of a projection screen appearing to be conversing.
A dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth.
A woman is jogging while listening to her iPod.
A man in a green hat is bent over his DJ equipment plugging in a microphone
A man eats on the street as he walks.
HO King produce store offering snow peas, broccoli, and napa.
A man is doing a cannon ball into a pool, stadium chairs fill the background.
A young, left handed batter in baseball the moment after he made a hit with a catcher nearby and a crowd in the background.
A street that is full of shops.
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
A woman in a blue jacket is walking along a road.
A bunch of guys watching something on a computer screen.
A few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
African men dancing while wearing a mix of traditional and western clothing.
A woman wearing a blue checkered shirt scoops food from a pot.
A black dog bounds across the sand.
Two women and a man smile for the camera.
Two little boys riding their bikes in the street.
A female swimmer with goggles and a cap does the backstroke.
A formally attired couple find an informal moment in the fountain.
Young man on a surfboard rides a rough wave.
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass.
Two little boys with spoons stirring something in two metal pans.
A beautiful young woman is holding her purse.
Two people in rafting gear standing on a dry, rocky riverbank, pointing at the river.
Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.
Three men draping a rope across a road.
A man and a woman dance happily.
Baseball player #38, Morse is seen standing and looking at the pitcher.
One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns.
A man in a cluttered motorboat rows whilst his female passenger has a look of disappointment on her face.
A man wearing white is hanging thread on a pole made of bamboo.
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water.
Woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach
A man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with Jenga blocks scattered over it.
A bicyclist wearing a bright blue short-sleeved t-shirt and protective face gear performs a trick in which he is completely upside down, framed against a background of conifers and a partly-cloudy sky.
A bunch of kids and adults playing with different colored balls on a rock sidewalk.
A woman wearing a dress is crossing the street.
A butcher cutting fish to be sold at the market
A man is walking across the street while it is snowing.
A group of women walk down a street at night.
A man and woman are kissing on the corner of a street.
Two men are riding scooters through a room.
A large number of people gather around a body of water.
A little boy with blond is playing with sand and a shovel.
Two men are singing in front of a small group of men wearing caps.
Two women, who are very athletic, are playing beach volleyball.
A man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids.
A brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
Three construction workers completing the foundation for a driveway.
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.
A mountain biker riding through a forest.
A man is standing in front of a large gear.
A man in a red hat bending over.
The girl in red is taking her turn in the Monopoly game.
A small boy playing with a wheel.
A black and white dog bounds through a field.
Several people are walking in the street and one has a cigarette.
A male cheerleader is holding a female cheerleader in the air at a football game.
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other.
Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.
A young lady is getting ready to sing into a microphone.
Mom takes a ride through the park with kid in tow.
A man in a karate pose on a wooden floor.
There is a stadium full of people watching sporting event with male players.
Young girls with gold and red capes running in a gymnasium.
A woman is cooking in a home kitchen.
A city street is shown with pedestrians and a man standing beside a food cart.
Black man painting a sign.
A man and an old woman stand and look at something behind the photographer.
A woman wearing a blue t-shirt that says Nike and carrying a vegetable.
There are many people with black hair heading through some doors and a few coming out.
A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball.
People waiting outside a building next to a mural.
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree.
Two men are shown drinking beer while sitting in folding chairs.
A woman is pointing down the street to her friend in front of an entrance to a subway station.
The small, golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike
A curly-haired man plays guitar at a ceremony while people look on.
A man being struck during some form of martial arts competition.
People standing around a city square with bikes.
Two men move dirt around a young tree.
A child in a Mickey Mouse shirt has their arms up and appears to be jumping.
Three young kids sitting by a beautiful view.
A woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
A black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace.
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas.
Two people are walking and looking at stuffed animals.
There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.
A man and woman walking down the street with shopping bag.
A man is on a small pull along trailer working with landscaping material.
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike.
Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field.
A lady sits in a chair, in front of a graffiti covered wall with a cart full of bags.
Two pudgy, middle-aged women stand in a parking lot next to an empty shopping cart.
Two men, both in blue, stand on a boat with a gun.
A little boy in a purple jacket is buckled into his car seat.
A brunette flight attendant in a red uniform is pushing a meal cart on the airplane.
A boy and girl play in a city fountain.
Several men are wearing red caps, one stands apart from the others and looks towards the camera.
A man in a white shirt is walking hand in hand with a woman also wearing white.
A group of people are working on a sand sculpture.
Three seniors look out the window at the water.
Nurses look at a book about pediatrics.
A man in a black and white plaid shirt is sitting at a table in the restaurant ordering food.
Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.
Two old men sitting on the dock.
A pole vaulter is about to launch off the floor with his pole.
A group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned.
An Amish lady hangs up clothes to dry outside on a line.
Three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.
A man is making pottery and peering closely at the object he is making.
Performers in colorful outfits stand on a stage.
Two white standard poodles playing tug-of-war in the snow.
A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water.
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow.
An Asian man in an orange jacket carries a high stack of boxes.
A group of kids sitting at a table one is holding a white piece of paper.
The little boy is having a grand time at the water park.
A man in a baseball cap and sunglasses in standing inside a candy kiosk.
A man in silver car talking on cellphone and another man standing on sidewalk.
People in a market buying fruits and vegetables
A woman walking on a sidewalk getting ready to cross the street.
One male in a black suit and hat holding yarn.
A man is skateboarding in a park, and he is on a wall, and there are other skateboarders in the background.
A man and a squinting woman are looking at something on a screen.
A boy in yellow glasses and red-haired girl pose for the camera.
A man and a laughing woman sit at a blue table with a Styrofoam box on it.
A shirtless young man, standing under purple lighting, points to the sky with both hands while holding a microphone in one hand.
A little girl with blond-hair looking at the crowd.
Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside.
Five boys wearing jerseys and caps play flag football outside.
Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them.
A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.
A girl is walking on a sidewalk with headphones in her ears.
A person holding a "Free Hugs" sign, hugs another person.
Homeless people sleeping on the street in front of a store.
A hockey goalie is trying to prevent a goal from the opposing team.
A young girl in blue shirt and denim shorts, pulling on a rope, standing in a pit of mud.
Crowd of people are standing around near some palm trees in the even hours of night.
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks.
A tourist walks beneath the shade of a building.
A dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth
A man wearing a denim jacket is painting a sign.
Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves.
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience.
A woman is painting a sign on a blue brick wall.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
A toddler runs toward the camera at a park.
A bearded man gestures with his hands in a kitchen.
A man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch.
A blond woman dances on a sunny day.
Young people are using computers next to each other.
A cyclist appears to be doing repairs to a bicycle that is turned upside down on the sidewalk.
Six men in a large canoe-type boat on calm waters.
A young black woman holds a sign offering free hugs among a crowd of people.
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is riding a motorcycle.
A man and a woman stand on a boat while the man takes a photograph.
Three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees.
A man, wearing an official jacket and hat, is leaning against a rail while reading a newspaper.
A man wearing a shirt and tie at the top of an elevator shaft.
Group of crosscountry skiers hike up a mountain.
Two bicyclists in a race wearing helmets with bystanders in the background.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A woman performing the violin in a concert.
A kid suspended in midair by some cables.
Two people are fencing.
A woman wearing shorts and sandals crossing the street with yellow taxis in the background.
Girl poses on the edge of a porch.
A mother, teaching her baby girl.
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box.
A girl in a striped blouse sits on a bench near a pay phone.
Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.
Three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track.
A group of young men are playing basketball outdoors.
A man and woman sit at the end of a small dock along the water.
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.
A man and a woman dancing alone in the center of a crowd of people at a party.
A young man is shaving off his beard using shaving foam and a razor.
A man selling a bundle of balloons on a boardwalk
A man in a black shirt and hat plays guitar.
A man, trying to hold on, as he competes in a rodeo on horse back.
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.
A dog is running and catching a ball
Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper.
A man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items.
Older person standing in the water holding on to a wooden stake.
A man speaking into a microphone with his fingers in a teddy bears nose.
The economy is shacking and affecting China.
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.
Three men sit contemplating their next bull ride.
Runners running down a track during a race.
Two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car.
Man in hat and coat reading newspaper near garbage cans and graffiti.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
Three people riding their bikes on a sidewalk.
A man talking to a woman who is laughing.
Older man in orange jumpsuit holding a water hose.
Musicians gather in a classroom to play guitar and other instruments.
Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench.
A man and three children riding a bike with four seats.
Elder woman chases after her granddaughter in a restaurant.
Four men on a soccer field while the sprinkler is on.
A man is grinding his skateboard on a guard rail.
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains.
Two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing.
A woman with dark hair and a blond woman in a bathing suit have cocktails on a patio.
A girl and two boys dressed in bright ethnic garb are walking together.
A man wearing blue jean, white shirt drawing up a line out of the water.
Fast fingers fly upon the lively keys belonging to this true to sound Yamaha keyboard.
A woman in black pants and a white shirt is rock climbing.
A Father and son playing with a wooden train set on a city carpet.
Two men wearing white shirts and ties are having drinks.
A dog chasing a toy duck.
3 Asians drawing characters on paper.
A man peers at an object through a microscope.
A couple watching a show at a restaurant.
Viewed as a mirror reflection, a woman applies a mascara pencil to her left eye.
Two men are racing in the water.
The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.
People in costumes warming up in front of a fire.
A toddler peeking into a front loader dryer.
The baseball player is about to run on a base.
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground.
A wet dog, playing with a toy in the water.
The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean.
A man eats food on a table in front of a small food shop on the street while a passerby walks by.
A bartender in a black shirt prepares a pink drink in a martini glass.
Closeup of person playing a marching band snare drum.
People walk across a crosswalk.
Two people are wearing flower costumes and walking down a street.
Four girls are playing jump rope in orange jackets.
The young woman in blue is running on a treadmill.
Two men with tool belts are fastening a sign to a building.
A kid on the beach buried himself in sand with only his head exposed.
A child plays in a multicolored fountain.
Construction workers are working on a scene.
A group of soldiers is standing together wearing all their gear.
Five men are standing in a boat.
A man playing the saxophone on the street maybe wanting money.
Three men sitting next to each other looking off to the side.
One man is shirtless while the other two men work on construction
A man with a pitchfork stands near a bucket of branches across from an apartment complex.
A little girl wearing pajamas is playing with blocks.
A shirtless child is playing with a pink balloon on a sidewalk.
Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together.
A female motorcyclist with helmet in hand is standing by her bike.
A woman in pink dress is sitting on a cycle.
People walk along a sandy beach on a clear day.
A man in a sweatshirt eating a sandwich.
A man and a woman in a shawl sit down in front of a body of water.
A man about to step off the edge of a desert rock formation.
A concert band displays patriotism and talent, through dress, as well as their music.
Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.
Veteran rocker is performing a tribute in the deadly hot sun.
A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.
A man with slicked back hair and black coat plays a recorder.
A young girl in pink is playing with a pink toy on asphalt.
A baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings.
Two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones.
Young men playing basketball in a competition.
A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.
A lady in a pink shirt running on a sunny day.
Two people ride together on a black motorcycle.
Six very colorful hot air balloons getting ready to fly.
A man on a mountain bike outdoors.
A woman is talking on her cellphone outside.
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background.
Three rugby players trying to catch the ball
Men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden.
Group of doctors are gathered around a patient in a operating room.
As a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him.
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard.
A country crowd at a festival.
Cheerleaders, wearing blue shirts and black shorts, dancing in a gym.
People look upon a monument where a speed is being given.
LeBron James passes a basketball while wearing a USA Jersey while 4 opponents stand nearby.
Four people stand in the water looking at a jet ski, while a man fishes nearby.
A crowd of women are involved in an advocacy walk.
A man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle.
People sitting in a restaurant eating and one is reading the paper.
A person in a green shirt holding a colorful umbrella.
Two young girls in red bathing suits swimming in the water.
A photographer stands in the shadows in front of a wall covered with graffiti.
A man in a white shirt is accepting payment for food from two women.
A laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape.
A couple sit outside of an establishment.
A group of people sitting and standing around at night wearing costumes.
Onlookers are praying that the cowboy does not fall off the bull in the rodeo.
A balding man in a black Enrolling Stones T-shirt reads a book.
A black man wearing a blue shirt and some bling starring into the camera.
A custodian mops the wooden floor of a classroom.
A woman is posing next to a cage full of stuffed sharks with cartoons painted on the wall behind her.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A man in a bright green shirt and brimmed hat sits with three other men on a concrete rise.
A blond little boy with green and blue shorts is digging a hole in wet sand.
Peoople stand outside a building near a street.
A woman wearing a black dress crosses the street.
Young African American child with beads in her hair looking at the camera and covering her mouth with a coat on.
A group of guys playing basketball at a park.
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat.
A man in a purple shirt playing a drum in front of a crowd of people.
Two men in red shirts and blue pants are playing hockey.
Two children in red lay on the floor.
A man and a woman dressed in bright orange attire
A group of people in standing outside a building.
A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.
A man strolls along a palm treed walkway.
A child wearing a gray winter coat and blue snow boots is unhappy upon discovering their playhouse covered in snow.
A black woman holding a flannel jacket and paper bag walks down the street.
A large group of young adults are crammed into an area for entertainment.
Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.
People are walking through a crowded street.
A baker dressed in white with a hairnet works with dough using a long pole.
A girl walking in front of a soccer net during a game.
Many people decide it's time to eat.
A man is thrown off a horse while at a rodeo.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
A man is rescuing another man from a boat.
In an empty, dimmed bowling alley, a woman prepares to release a red bowling ball towards a group of five pins.
Three people stand outside a vending stand.
The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day.
A woman in a pink shirt is taking a photo of a fish in a large aquarium.
A college basketball game being played in the Big Ten Conference.
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain.
A crowd sports the colors red, black and yellow on the painted faces and clothing while waving flags of the same color.
A man in a white hat watching seagulls with two children.
A boy in white shorts stands on a rusty tower.
A man and a woman in an orange cloth walk down a dirt path.
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water.
Two workers are working with a tool and attaching an item to stone.
A man dressed all in black talks with a lady wearing a light blue dress and a white headscarf.
A man and woman are at the ruins reading a guidebook.
A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates.
Two woman with umbrellas standing on a train platform.
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball.
A woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street.
People are sitting on a bus.
Two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio.
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail.
Baby wearing an orange shirt and matching headband with a wide smile.
The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.
Four men are working with scaffolding, two have red coats.
The boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court.
A balding man with glasses is holding a guitar and singing into a microphone next to his band mates.
One woman browsing the internet in the comfort of her home.
A young girl in a purple bathing suit taking a break by the pool.
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
A man hammering a nail on a piece of wood in bare feet.
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a white vehicle with a crest on the door.
A girl is throwing a football on the beach.
A man is using spray paint on a wall mural.
A man in an orange vest standing atop a building.
A male kid skateboarding down a sidewalk wearing a white striped shirt and black pants.
A young boy standing on the sidewalk while a man lifts up a bag in the background.
Diners at a restaurant are served by a waiter.
She is painting a yellow flower on white paper practicing to become an artist
Two women sitting at a table in a park are smiling at each other.
Two white dogs are running on the grass.
Many people at a dog show in a stadium.
Very many skiers are gathered at a ski location.
A young child plays with a colorful toy outside.
People stand on the balcony and deck of a boat.
This woman and man are having a conversation.
African American children playing in a street in front of a yellow car.
Three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them.
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail.
A muscular black man dancing in short shorts.
Three people are staring at a small painting.
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick.
A little boy in a taupe sweatshirt tries to catch a green balloon above him.
These people are relaxing in the tall grass.
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience.
Monster truck flies over grassy knolls on a sunny afternoon.
Man playing guitar in a dark room.
A volleyball game where to two boys that are in trying for the ball, for their team.
A man a blue shirt cooking food on a grill.
A man in a white shirt is singing with a band.
A young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair.
Five hikers, one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it, are walking through a rocky riverbed.
Two women and a child sitting by a rock with knitted things.
A dog leaps through a snowy field.
A man stands in a church while people around him watch.
A man with an umbrella takes photos during a very snowy day.
Two people, a man and a woman, are on a stage at a band.
A young boy clasps a man's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete.
A woman and a group of children living in poverty.
People in the market picking out and looking at fruit.
A man that is wearing a gray military shirt with medals and a light blue cap with gold on it is waving his arm.
A rodeo player is being taken down by a bull.
A colorful rickshaw with two patrons on the beach stopping at a coke kiosk.
A middle-aged woman is vacuuming her kitchen floor with a canister vac.
A young female baseball player slides to home base but is caught by the umpire.
Three people are playing in snow covered city streets.
A man playing a violin is in front of another man playing the accordion.
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag.
A man squats near a fire and holds something into it.
Two men, one carrying a black garbage bag.
Dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
People are having a conversation and a water bottle fell on the ground.
A man is working on the caboose of the red train.
The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool.
An artist hard at work to draw a comical portrait.
A woman with a black and white sweater standing on a walkway.
A man cooking something in an old fire burning oven with a apron on.
A woman looking into the window of a French bakery.
Excited bystanders in London cheer for the road runner.
The boy licks the icing from the spoon.
A young woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.
A little girl does a handstand on a trampoline
A man wearing a green tank top and a white hat singing into a microphone.
A dog jumps over a red and white gate.
Young adults dancing in the street
A person wearing a dark blue covered up attire from head to toe, with a mask and vest, holding a thin sword.
A brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A man and woman sitting near the street.
A child drawing a picture using crayons
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling.
A young black man in a gray shirt holding up a sign on a crowded city street.
Two people are hiding under giant bowls, possibly to avoid the sun.
A man stands on the side of a street in a doorway.
The man takes pride in his craft as he concentrates on his carving.
A white man with carrying hair and a beard with a child on his shoulders.
Three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
A young man carrying foliage on his back, climbing stone steps.
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them.
Two women in an agricultural landscape sorting crop.
A man with a green jacket and a black hat standing near a doorway.
Three ladies are together and one of them has 2 fingers exposed.
A woman with a red backpack is looking at Machu Picchu.
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp.
Two boys in blue sweaters are embracing for a picture.
A person playing on a rope swing.
A man on a surfboard riding a giant wave.
A group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
An official consults with a competitor at a martial arts event.
In this photo there are three teenagers playing soccer.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A boy strolls by a pond in a park.
A woman wearing a red and white dress holds hands with man in a blue jacket wearing flowers on his lapel.
A woman with an umbrella is sitting on a stone bench.
A man is standing outside of a house with a snow shovel.
A woman on the floor covered in cake.
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
A group of four men washing and drying dishes in a commercial kitchen.
People smile while standing in suits and dresses.
A police officer with a surgical mask on is standing in front of a group of girls in uniform.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background.
A young man is taking pictures of two friends next to the ocean.
Two kids standing between two red cars.
Someone sitting still on an orange motorcycle on a crosswalk, wearing a black vest and helmet.
A crowd watching air balloons at night.
An older couple is walking past a Jewelry store on a sunny day.
A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.
Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water.
People standing near a large metalized object reflecting a city skyline.
A boy at a skate park wearing a blue helmet inline skates on a small railing.
A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera.
An older and a younger woman, both with tennis attire and rackets, smile side to side for the camera.
A young woman is painting a guard rail.
Two young men are inspecting a vat and pipes on a dock or harbor.
Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain.
A woman outside sun-bathing on a blanket in a bikini.
A man with a walking stick looks through binoculars to see the mountains.
Two blond female wrestlers in the ring.
Many people ride bicycles in helmets as fans spectate and cheer them on.
A woman in a red shirt stands alone in a terminal, with three pieces of luggage.
People walk around in an area with blue seats and a large tv.
A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth.
People watching a soccer game at the local watering hole.
Little boy surrounded by a pile of leaves.
Two men in the military and a boy posing for a picture.
Three teenagers dancing one evening on the street.
A man with no shirt sitting on a moped.
Parents watch as girls play softball in a game.
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach.
Two cowboys from Latin America or South America riding horses and chasing a bull.
A street vendor tends to his stand with lots of kids toys and items.
A high school band all decked out for spirit week.
Against a panoramic backdrop from a mountain overview a woman is photographed wearing a biking helmet and sunglasses.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt and blue jeans stands ready to hit a golf ball at a driving range.
Three police officers conversing rollerblades.
A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure.
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars.
A man in a black hat walks down the street.
A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.
A child looks at a baby sleeping in a crib.
A man studying for his exams outside a bookstore
A bald military man in camouflage clothes and bright blue gloves cracks an egg into a stainless steel bowl.
A baby is getting his teeth brushed.
As confetti flies, a soccer team in white uniforms celebrates.
Two people, one on the phone, in front of a train.
A taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
A man is bending over with a stuffed animal between his legs.
Man in yellow tank top with friend in white shirt check the grill.
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth.
A police office is using a bicycle to complete her duties.
A newborn infant sleeps on his side after a long day.
A lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival.
People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces.
Woman in a long skirt and a man walk down the street.
A man on a dirt bike in midair competing.
A man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock.
Two men stand in an electric outdoor lift.
A young man in a black hat and white t-shirt is suspended in their air on his skateboard.
A man who is wearing the same colors as the bike is riding down the street.
An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick.
There is a man holding a gun in a corn field.
A lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall.
Two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river.
The silhouettes of men against a cloudy yet bright sky.
A mom and daughter walk up the steps as a woman wearing a headscarf wits near a trashcan.
A row of bicycles, and people sitting on a dock, near the waterside.
A man standing in front of several cliff faces.
A little girl in a floury, pink jacket, picks out a fruit from a vendors table.
A woman is ridding on a horse is beat a cow.
Holding his camera over his head, a man takes a picture, while others sit nearby.
Four kayakers on a moutain stream.
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.
A man throwing or retrieving a line thrown into the water at the dock of a large boat.
Six people are walking up a blue ramp
Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar.
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits.
A young girl jumping through the air on a playground.
A girl is in the air face up performing some sort of calisthenics or perhaps diving into a pool.
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon.
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach.
Race cars at night in the rain.
Many people sitting at the bar with drinks in front of them.
A large group of people raising their hands at a meeting.
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store.
A young person doing a high-flying bike trick with his or her arms out.
A crowd is enjoying an outdoor festival.
A woman is running a marathon in a park.
Four people stand around near a blue fork lift.
A young man leaning against a streetlight as a bus with a statue of Liberty sign drives past.
A mounted policeman passes a biker.
One man on a lift and another man on the roof of the building watching.
A performer wearing stilts, which are covered by her white pants, is walking in a parade.
Male with a white shirt and a brown jacket sitting next to a pile of beans.
Bunches of men are helping to catch fishes.
People watching air jets in a big event.
A man is standing next to a red door.
A little girl wearing a life jacket in the ocean watching a whale beside the boat.
People with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
A man and his son walk by an adult video store.
Three young boys, are playing in the sand along the beach side.
Man wearing black takes a nap in a green park.
One person in blue leggings enjoying ice skating.
A broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.
Indian women sort out clothing.
A young man rides his bike on a surface covered in graffiti.
A young boy getting ready for a day of fishing.
A boy and girl run across a grassy field towards a forested hill.
A blond woman in brown is selling shrimp.
A woman with white hair chisels at an uncompleted sculpture.
A man is running, in a yellow runners shirt and matching running shorts, along the waterside with a big city in the background on a beautiful day.
A guy in a black jacket and blue jeans holding a large arrangement of roses while walking down the sidewalk.
Three mariachi band members play in a grass yard.
A young boy laying face down in water.
A soccer player is running on the field
Three young boys are jumping and playing in the hay.
Man in white shirt blowing trumpet.
Two men and a woman sit on a brown bench with a brown dog.
A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
A woman wearing a red jacket hula-hoops in the street.
A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth.
Two women sit at desks in a large room with white walls.
This is an athlete on a bicycle during a race.
A cowboy on a bucking bronco in the process of being thrown off the back.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle.
A man in a blue jacket smiles back at the camera, positioned in front of a lake or large river on a clear sunny day.
A teenage girl wearing flannel jumps in a grassy field near a soccer field.
A Volkswagen vehicle speeds through a desert landscape amid mountains.
Two warmly dressed small children are looking at an object together.
A chubby, redheaded child swings a bat at a ball on a tee.
A woman is practicing her form with the backstroke during lap swimming at a local indoor pool.
The woman who is wearing a bowtie is walking down the streets of New York.
A janitor sweeps the sidewalk in a busy street with many cars and pedestrians.
A man works on a very large, intricate sand sculpture on a beach.
A little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall.
Two boys in a wrestling match.
A festival where music is being played and people are congregating.
A person sitting in front of a laptop and many electrical parts.
A crane, wings outstreached, above the ocean.
A woman waiting by the train tracks.
Three people are shoveling sand.
The dog is resting after a game of fetch.
Two women, one in traditional Mexican clothing, help a child across the street, as a man looks on.
Three people and a dog stand in front of a river on a cold day.
A man is sitting in a tricycle with a sign in the back that reads "Your ad here!"
A man asleep on a plane in a dark photo.
A woman wearing a white sun visor is playing tennis.
People who are all deck out in Canadian colors are eating food at a Canadian festival.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
Waterskier jumps off the water's surface, unknown structure in background.
An older Asian man stands next to a large tub of rice.
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope.
A man standing on a green boat.
An elderly women in a coat walking down the street.
A woman wearing high heels and a hat.
Two people are riding motorcycle in a race.
A man is playing music with the drum set.
Man sweeping debris from road with bundle of twigs.
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign.
A man is wearing clown makeup.
Two people go ice skating in a rink.
A group of several teenage boys walking along the roadside with a garbage bag.
Lots of people walking under a awning of pink and white balloons
Two men on motorcycles taking a turn on a track.
A man walking down the walkway of a bunch of storefronts.
Little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park.
Swimming instructors show young girls how to float.
One of the players is playing for the Irish team.
Firefighters are spraying a hose into a fire.
A group of people riding horses in green vests.
One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
Three women are walking on a street.
A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods.
Man in brown shirt and jeans playing guitar and singing.
Two young girls talking to a man in a van.
A lone fisherman is on his boat checking his net.
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6.
A woman in shorts and knee-high socks is walking down the sidewalk.
Two men taking pictures with their cameras outdoors.
A band is on stage playing music, led by a man wearing a suit.
Looks like a man transporting a family, consisting of a mother, a father, and a son, to some destination
A woman with a black dress and sunglasses juggling lemons outdoors.
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet.
A man is leaning against the railing on the third floor of a terminal.
A band playing outside a Zune building.
Three young adults are washing dishes in the kitchen.
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head.
A man is sitting in a chair and playing the guitar.
A lady with sunglasses on sitting on the top of a mountain beside of someone else.
A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.
A SCUBA diver swimming deep underwater with a turtle.
An older man is shopping at Walmart for laundry soap.
